>> Steve Kinney: Let's actually just do
filter real quick just to see it in there.
Cuz I think we can get it done and
we'll feel good that we
have the entire app done.
I think that it will make us feel
really great, so we have the filter,
we have items.
So items is gonna have the search term
cuz it needs to go through the items.
It's going to be given to filter.
So, we have this updated search term which
at this point is already getting past.
But we need to keep
a search term in state, so,
we'll say search term and
we'll start out as an empty string.
Because that will actually allow all of
them through because it turns out that
every string has an empty string in it.
So we'll keep that searchTerm in there.
And what we'll do is,
when updateSearchTerm happens,
we'll take the searchTerm,
>> Steve Kinney: this.setState,
>> Steve Kinney: With the searchTerm.
If you haven't seen this syntax before,
this is just ES6 object shorthand.
Which is basically is the same thing as
doing, hey take the searchTerm argument.
And set it to the key of the searchTerm
object except you type less.
That seems to be the major
theme of [INAUDIBLE] that
theoretically you never
type function ever again.
And you're able to do some
stuff a little bit shorter and
cleaner which is really great
if you have a very large font.
Cuz your coding with a hundred
of your best friends.
So have it update the search term and
we have that search term in state.
We just need to pass it down so
we'll say this.state.searchTerm.
I could also put it.
I could deconstruct it here.
That is the only place I'm using it so
I'm still going to leave it here and
let's try it out
>> Steve Kinney: If/ I can update it,
but it doesn't seem to be doing the thing.
Let's open this up.
It's great when you go for a live coding
bonus, and it doesn't work immediately.
That's always really rewarding.
Cool, so let's take a look at-
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
return method if you scroll down.
>> Steve Kinney: What?
>> Speaker 2: In items,
you need to filter [INAUDIBLE].
>> Steve Kinney: I'm filtering
all the items right here.
Cuz we gotta find the state.
>> Steve Kinney: this.state.searchTerm,
to lowercase.
At this point I would probably
pull this out into a variable so
I don't have to type it in both places.
But let's verify that everything works.
Yay, everything works.
We've implemented filter.
We've implemented the ability
to add a new one.
We've implemented the ability to
mark them as packed or unpacked.
To remove them,
to make them all as packed, right?
But we had to pass stuff down a lot,
right?
It would be great if we had
some ways to avoid this, right?
To be able to say,
hey, I have a set of things I would
like to encapsulate this component.
And that's what we'll look
at in the next section.